README.md, before:

## TODO

### High Priority

#### Arguments

- [x] Remove arguments and directives after adding to graphql AST
- [x] Create alias for each field that has an argument so that you can use the same field with different arguments multiple times

#### Field parsing

- [x] Handle nested destructuring of data property:
  ```js
  const {
    data: {
      director: { name },
    },
  } = useQuery();
  ```
- [x] Handle nested destructuring outside of data property:

  ```js
  const { data } = useQuery();
  const {
    director: { name, year },
  } = data;
  const { month } = year;
  ```

- [x] Handle nested destructuring outside of data property with a path:
  ```js
  const { data } = useQuery();
  const { director } = data;
  const { month, day } = director.year;
  ```

#### Arrays

- [ ] Handle array functions like `.map`, `.forEeach`, `.reduce`
- [ ] Look into tracking fields within array functions

### Medium Priority

#### Fragments

- [ ] Setup `useFragment`
- [ ] For every `useQuery`, look at child components and add their fragments to the query.

### Low Priority

#### Directives

- [ ] Directive arguments

### Query Examples

```jsx
import { useQuery } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery("GetMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <h2>{data.releaseDate({ formatted: true })}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useQuery } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY = gql`
  query MovieQuery($releaseDate_formatted: Boolean) {
    GetMovie {
      id
      name
      releaseDate(formatted: $releaseDate_formatted)
      director {
        name
      }
    }
  }
`;

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY, {
    variables: {
      releaseDate_formatted: true,
    },
  });

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <h2>{data.releaseDate}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Fragment Examples

```jsx
import { useFragment } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieName() {
  const { id, name } = useFragment("Movie");
  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{id}</h2>
      <h2>{name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";

MovieName.fragment = gql`
  fragment MovieNameFragment on Movie {
    id
    name
  }
`;

function MovieName({ id, name }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        <h2>{id}</h2>
        <h2>{name}</h2>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Query with a fragment

```jsx
import { useQuery } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery("GetMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
      <MovieName />
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useQuery } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY = gql`
  query MovieQuery {
    GetMovie {
      id
      director {
        name
      }
      ...MovieNameFragment
    }
  }
  ${MovieName.fragment}
`;

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY);

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
      <MovieName id={data.id} name={data.name} />
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Mutations Examples

```jsx
import { useMutation } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieForm() {
  const [mutation, { loading, error, data }] = useMutation("EditMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <button onClick={() => mutation({ variables: { name: "NewName" } })} />
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useMutation } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_FORM_EDIT_MOVIE_MUTATION = gql`
  mutation EditMovieMutation($name: String!) {
    EditMovie(name: $name) {
      id
      name
    }
  }
`;

function MovieForm() {
  const [mutation, { loading, error, data }] = useMutation(MOVIE_FORM_EDIT_MOVIE_MUTATION);

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <button onClick={() => mutation({ variables: { name: "NewName" } })} />
    </div>
  );
}
```

Commit message:

Refactor with all tests still passing

README.md, after:

#### Parsing Steps

1. Find the useQuery VariableDeclarator/s
2. Get useQuery's data property, aliased data property, or destructured data fields as dataIdentifiers
3. For each found dataIdentifier, find their reference paths.
4. For each reference path, call getAncestry and check the first ancestor (the actual reference path), and check if its parentPath is a VariableDeclarator.
5. If it is a VariableDeclarator, create more dataIdentifiers for the id value.
6. Repeat step 3-6 for these new dataIdentifiers.
7. Continue with ancestors for reference path from step 4

## TODO

### High Priority

#### Arguments

- [x] Remove arguments and directives after adding to graphql AST
- [x] Create alias for each field that has an argument so that you can use the same field with different arguments multiple times

#### Field parsing

- [x] Handle nested destructuring of data property:
  ```js
  const {
    data: {
      director: { name },
    },
  } = useQuery();
  ```
- [x] Handle nested destructuring outside of data property:

  ```js
  const { data } = useQuery();
  const {
    director: { name, year },
  } = data;
  const { month } = year;
  ```

- [x] Handle nested destructuring outside of data property with a path:
  ```js
  const { data } = useQuery();
  const { director } = data;
  const { month, day } = director.year;
  ```

#### Arrays

- [ ] Handle array functions like `.map`, `.forEach`, `.reduce`
- [ ] Look into tracking fields within array functions

### Medium Priority

#### Fragments

- [ ] Setup `useFragment`
- [ ] For every `useQuery`, look at child components and add their fragments to the query.

### Low Priority

#### Directives

- [ ] Directive arguments
- [ ] Only alias fields with directives or arguments if the same field is referenced more than once

### Query Examples

```jsx
import { useQuery } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery("GetMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <h2>{data.releaseDate({ formatted: true })}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useQuery } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY = gql`
  query MovieQuery($releaseDate_formatted: Boolean) {
    GetMovie {
      id
      name
      releaseDate(formatted: $releaseDate_formatted)
      director {
        name
      }
    }
  }
`;

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY, {
    variables: {
      releaseDate_formatted: true,
    },
  });

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <h2>{data.releaseDate}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Fragment Examples

```jsx
import { useFragment } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieName() {
  const { id, name } = useFragment("Movie");
  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{id}</h2>
      <h2>{name}</h2>
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";

MovieName.fragment = gql`
  fragment MovieNameFragment on Movie {
    id
    name
  }
`;

function MovieName({ id, name }) {
  return (
    <div>
      <div>
        <h2>{id}</h2>
        <h2>{name}</h2>
      </div>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Query with a fragment

```jsx
import { useQuery } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery("GetMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
      <MovieName />
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useQuery } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY = gql`
  query MovieQuery {
    GetMovie {
      id
      director {
        name
      }
      ...MovieNameFragment
    }
  }
  ${MovieName.fragment}
`;

function MovieComponent() {
  const { loading, error, data } = useQuery(MOVIE_COMPONENT_GETMOVIE_QUERY);

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.id}</h2>
      <h2>{data.director.name}</h2>
      <MovieName id={data.id} name={data.name} />
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Mutations Examples

```jsx
import { useMutation } from "blade/apollo.macro";

function MovieForm() {
  const [mutation, { loading, error, data }] = useMutation("EditMovie");

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <button onClick={() => mutation({ variables: { name: "NewName" } })} />
    </div>
  );
}
```

      ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓

```jsx
import gql from "graphql-tag";
import { useMutation } from "@apollo/react-hooks";

const MOVIE_FORM_EDIT_MOVIE_MUTATION = gql`
  mutation EditMovieMutation($name: String!) {
    EditMovie(name: $name) {
      id
      name
    }
  }
`;

function MovieForm() {
  const [mutation, { loading, error, data }] = useMutation(MOVIE_FORM_EDIT_MOVIE_MUTATION);

  return (
    <div>
      <h2>{data.name}</h2>
      <button onClick={() => mutation({ variables: { name: "NewName" } })} />
    </div>
  );
}
```
